It is ours. It is ours. It is ours. It's truly it is. It's not someone's hand. In the right hand,
the Bardo of Death, we didn't really actualize, we didn't make this familiar.
Then, the Bardo of Death and Dying, Bardo of the True Natural, and other Bardos, or mostly it's the
other's hand. We just see how much luck we have, or how much that's it. It's kind of the expert in
luck.
And this is in our hand. This is in our direction. So therefore, always in the teaching set, this
is so important. Once we have this, as I've said, we can move everything with confidence, bright,
fearless, joy, and fierce.
And even sometimes the teaching set, for example, they use the example. Tebza Tsewang Rinpoche. Teb
za Tsewang Rinpoche. Tebza Tsewang Rinpoche. Tebza Tsewang Rinpoche. There is one bird, it must be.
One bird is so cautious, I think in the teaching set, bird is so cautious, this bird, or the mother
bird, makes it so cautious that it makes bird nest, nest.
And everything she sees is offered in the bird's head, then she makes bird, so she makes nest. When
she makes that nest, after that, she doesn't have to worry concerning anything. She enters that
with confidence, just without any thoughts, without any worries and anxieties.
And similarly in the teaching set, if we really, our kind of power, or actually our kind of
experience, and rely on this part of the bird in the living, then all other parts will move with
confidence.
There is no scaling, no unsure, no any hesitations. That's the really teaching set. And that's what
, again, we witness by many great practitioners, masters, and many mongers on this subject.
All treated with joy, with happy, with excitement, with great contribution, they move. Without even
slight of the doubt and pulling back this and that worried anxiety, just flow away in the way.
That's what really how it is. So therefore, this part of the bird in the living is so important.
And when we recount this prayer as one more stroke at the time, and then we move to the next, this
setting of art.
In the very tuning that you all have discussed.